Welcome back I hope you enjoyed this.
SVGA drawing exercise in this video I'll build four flags from scratch will get pretty close approximations
to the flag designs for four countries the Bahamas Jamaica Macedonia and South Korea.
I've done a little bit of set up already.
As you can see I've got four SVGA in this code and each one with an ID that identifies the country.
I've also used the ID to set width and height for each flag.
Most of these flags have a 2 to 1 ratio except for South Korea which has a 3 to 2 ratio.
I'll start with the more straightforward flags and work my way up to the more complex.
First let's tackle the Bahamas.
I could do this by drawing three rectangles in a triangle but to make things a little simpler.
Instead set a background color on the SPG which is the same as the blue color on the flag.
This way I only need two shapes a rectangle and a triangle for the rectangle.
All these are recked elements and set the following attributes x y with height and fail for the triangle.
I'll use a polygon.
Here I'll just declare the points any one in the top left corner one in the middle and one in the bottom
left corner.
The default is black so I don't need to Cetaphil here.
Cool let's move on to Jamaica.
I've used the same background color trick here but I'll set it to black for the green and yellow parts
of the flag.
I could create a bunch of different polygon or patho elements but instead I'll just create two one for
each green triangle to add the yellow part of the flag.
I'll set a stroke and stroke width on the polygons since both polygons will have the same color styles.
I'll create a group and set stroke stroke with infill attributes at the group level.
Inside of my group I'll create a polygon for the top triangle.
Note that if I put the corners of the triangle at the corners of the Viji the yellow stroke also applies
to the top.
I don't want to fix this.
I'll back up the top corners so that they fall outside the bounds of the SPG.
Now I can do something similar for the bottom triangle just with different y coordinates OK.
Next for Macedonia.
I'll set the background color to this red shade and then I'll create a group whose bill is this yellow
color to get the rays coming out of the circle.
I'll just make four polygons one for each diagonal one for the vertical raise and one for the horizontal
ones.
I had to play around a bit with these coordinates to get the flag looking right so don't worry if this
takes a guess.
Check next I'll place the circle in the middle of the flag and give it a read stroke so that the rays
are separated from the circle.
Onwards to the last flag.
This one is definitely a little trick.
First let me focus on the black bars to draw them I'll create a group and set stroke stroke with and
transform attributes.
Ungroup I'm transforming to the center of the SVGA because I'm going to create these lines vertically
and then rotate them and I want to be sure I rotate about the center of the Viji not the origin which
is in the upper left corner.
So that I can practice with paths.
Let me use patho elements for most of this.
First I'll draw the three lines at the upper left in the six lines and the bottom right of the flag
for the solid lines on the left.
Move the cursor.
Draw a vertical line down.
Move over.
Draw a vertical line up.
Move over again and draw another vertical line down.
Then move over to the other side of the SVGA take a similar approach but this time only to draw a short
line down.
Move the cursor down a bit.
Try another short line down.
Move the cursor over a bit and so on.
So that I don't need to keep track of absolute coordinates.
I'm using lower case letters for the bulk of this command.
This looks pretty good.
So now let me rotate it.
Great.
Next.
Do something very similar for the second set of lines.
I just need to adjust where the solid lines and dashed lines are.
Once I've got this I'll rotate in the opposite direction.
Cool.
Now I need to do is put the circle in the center.
I'll use three different elements to do this.
But if you're awesome at SVGA paths you can do it with fewer elements.
First I'll just draw a red circle in the middle.
Next I'll draw a blue arc to get part of the lower half of the blue area.
I'll just guess and check until I find the right mark from the endpoint of this blue arc.
I'll draw a second arc to the tail of the blue shape once again using guess and check until I get something
that looks reasonable like before.
I'm using lower case letters so that I don't have to calculate the absolute position of these coordinates.
This is getting closer but now my blue area is too big.
So I'll make one more element Redpath to cover the extra area I created with my blue pass.
I'll start by creating an arc for the head of the red area and then create one more arc to cover up
the rest of the unnecessary blue.
That's it.
These are our four flags.
Again there are many different ways we could have done this with SVGA.
This video just highlights a few approaches.
I hope this was helpful when you ready.
Let's move on and talk about integrating SVGA with D-3.